# CET college allocation program

**Functions used**
- [`node* input(node*)`](#input)
- [`void arrayToZero(college[])`](#arraytozero)
- [`node* generatePQueue(node*, node*, char)`](#generatepqueue)
- [`college collegeAllocator(college, node**, node**, node**)`](#collegeallocator)
- [`node* aipoq(college[])`](#aipoq)
- [`node* generateBST(node*, node*)`](#generatebst)
- [`void displayAll(node*)`](#displayall)
- [`void displayStudent(node*)`](#displaystudent)
- [`void displayCollege(college[])`](#displaycollege)
- [`void nukeTree(node*)`](#nuketree)
- [`void nukeQUeue(node*)`](#nukequeue)
- [`node* deleteStudents(node*)`](#deletestudents)

## input()
The program reads student data from a binary file using the `input()` function and generates a _Doubly Linked List_ and return the first node of the list.

*parameters:*
* doubly linked list variable  


## arrayToZero()
Initilizes the `pupils` field of `a[]` to `NULL`.

*parameters:*
* college array

## generatePQueue()
Takes every category list (`A1`,`B2` and `GM`) and converts it into one big priory queue according to their `rank` and returns the starting node of the priority queue.   

*parameters:*
* starting node of category list
* starting node of final list
* character to compare the `cat[]` field of the node

## collegeAllocator()
Function to allocate colleges to the students and store it in Doubly Linked List and returns the same.  
Each college has 25 seats, divided as follows  
* 8 `A1` seats
* 8 `B2` seats
* 9 `GM` seats

*working:*  
```c
while(count<A1SEATS && (*A1)){
		dQed=malloc(sizeof(node));
		dQed->uid=(*A1)->uid;
		strcpy(dQed->name,(*A1)->name);
		strcpy(dQed->cat,(*A1)->cat);
		dQed->rank=(*A1)->rank;
		strcpy(dQed->clg,c.name);
		(c.pupils)[count]=dQed;
	
		nuker=(*A1);
		(*A1)=(*A1)->rptr;
		free(nuker);
		count++;
	}
```
deques nodes from `A1` and adds into the college list `c`  
similar process happens with `B2` and `GM`.

*parameters:*
* college list
* `A1` category list
* `B2` category list
* `GM` category list

## aipoq()
`aiopq()` aka **A**ll **I**n **O**ne **P**rioriy **Q**ueue.  
This function generates a big Priory Queue consisting all the student sorted accoring to thier `rank`, the function returns the starting node of this priority queue.  
 
*parameters:*
* college array `a[]` 

## generateBST()
Generates a Binary Search Tree taking the sorted list generated by [`aipoq()`](#aipoq) as input. Binary search tree provides faster access time of nodes. The Binary Search Tree uses `uid` to insert the elements into the tree. Returns the root of the tree.

*parameters:*
* root of the binary search tree
* starting node of the doubly linked list

## displayAll()
This funcition displays all the elements in the priory Queue in ascending order or rank.

*parameters:*
* priory queue which has to be displayed

## displayStudent()
This funtion displays details of just the entered student. The node is search from the binary search tree generated by [`generateBST()`](#generatebst).

*parameters:*
* root of binary search tree to be searched from

## displayCollege()
Function to display students in a particular college.  

*parameters:*
* college array 

## nukeTree()
Function to free every node form the **binary search tree** to avoid memeory lekage.

*parameters:*
* root of the BST

## nukeQUeue()
Function to free every node from the **queue** to avoid memory lekage.

*parameters:*
* starting node of the queue

## deleteStudents()
Deletes the students who have withdrawn from the list.

*parameters:*
* list form which the nodes have to be deleted


TEMP # DELETE ME
